README.md, before:

# Notion Calendar Sync

A premium, glassmorphism-styled application that syncs your Notion databases to Apple Calendar (ICS) in real-time.

## Features
-   **Real-time Sync**: Updates from Notion reflect instantly in your calendar.
-   **Secure**: Uses official Notion OAuth.
-   **Customizable**: Map any Notion database properties to calendar events.
-   **Beautiful UI**: Modern, responsive design.

## Setup Guide

### 1. Notion Integration
1.  Go to [Notion My Integrations](https://www.notion.so/my-integrations).
2.  Create a new integration.
3.  Select "Public" (needed for OAuth) or "Internal" (if self-hosted without OAuth flow, but this app uses OAuth). 
    *   *Note: For personal use, you can skip OAuth and hardcode a token, but this app is built for OAuth.*
    *   If using OAuth:
        *   Redirect URI: `https://your-app.up.railway.app/api/auth/callback/notion` (Replace domain after deployment)
        *   For local dev: `http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/notion`
4.  Copy **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

### 2. Environment Variables
Create a `.env` file (or configure in Railway):

```env
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DBNAME"
NOTION_CLIENT_ID="your_client_id"
NOTION_CLIENT_SECRET="your_client_secret"
NOTION_REDIRECT_URI="http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/notion" # Update for production
NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL="http://localhost:3000" # Your public app URL (used when generating feed URL)
NOTION_SYNC_MAX_ITEMS="2000" # Optional: max number of Notion items exported to ICS
```

### 3. Local Development
```bash
npm install
npx prisma generate
npx prisma db push
npm run dev
```

### 4. Deployment (Railway)
1.  Fork/Push this repo to GitHub.
2.  Login to Railway and "New Project" -> "Deploy from GitHub".
3.  Select this repository.
4.  Add the Environment Variables in Railway settings.
    *   Update `NOTION_REDIRECT_URI` to your Railway domain (e.g., `https://project.up.railway.app/api/auth/callback/notion`).
    *   Set `NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL` to your Railway domain (e.g., `https://project.up.railway.app`).
5.  **Database**:
    *   This project uses PostgreSQL (`provider = "postgresql"` in Prisma schema).
    *   In Railway, add a Postgres plugin and set `DATABASE_URL` from the plugin's connection string.
    *   The container runs `prisma db push` on startup to auto-sync schema.

## Usage
1.  Open the app.
2.  Click "Connect Notion".
3.  Select your workspace and allow access.
4.  Choose the database you want to sync.
5.  Map the Title and Date properties.
6.  Copy the generated URL.
7.  In Apple Calendar (macOS): `File` -> `New Calendar Subscription` -> Paste URL.
8.  In iOS: `Settings` -> `Calendar` -> `Accounts` -> `Add Account` -> `Other` -> `Add Subscribed Calendar`.

## Tech Stack
-   **Framework**: Next.js 16 (App Router)
-   **Styling**: TailwindCSS
-   **Database**: Prisma (PostgreSQL)
-   **Calendar Generation**: `ics` package
-   **Notion**: Client SDK

Commit message:

Filter ICS to lookback window and future events

README.md, after:

# Notion Calendar Sync

A premium, glassmorphism-styled application that syncs your Notion databases to Apple Calendar (ICS) in real-time.

## Features
-   **Real-time Sync**: Updates from Notion reflect instantly in your calendar.
-   **Secure**: Uses official Notion OAuth.
-   **Customizable**: Map any Notion database properties to calendar events.
-   **Beautiful UI**: Modern, responsive design.

## Setup Guide

### 1. Notion Integration
1.  Go to [Notion My Integrations](https://www.notion.so/my-integrations).
2.  Create a new integration.
3.  Select "Public" (needed for OAuth) or "Internal" (if self-hosted without OAuth flow, but this app uses OAuth). 
    *   *Note: For personal use, you can skip OAuth and hardcode a token, but this app is built for OAuth.*
    *   If using OAuth:
        *   Redirect URI: `https://your-app.up.railway.app/api/auth/callback/notion` (Replace domain after deployment)
        *   For local dev: `http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/notion`
4.  Copy **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

### 2. Environment Variables
Create a `.env` file (or configure in Railway):

```env
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DBNAME"
NOTION_CLIENT_ID="your_client_id"
NOTION_CLIENT_SECRET="your_client_secret"
NOTION_REDIRECT_URI="http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/notion" # Update for production
NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL="http://localhost:3000" # Your public app URL (used when generating feed URL)
NOTION_SYNC_MAX_ITEMS="2000" # Optional: max number of Notion items exported to ICS
NOTION_SYNC_LOOKBACK_DAYS="3" # Optional: include events from N days ago to future
```

### 3. Local Development
```bash
npm install
npx prisma generate
npx prisma db push
npm run dev
```

### 4. Deployment (Railway)
1.  Fork/Push this repo to GitHub.
2.  Login to Railway and "New Project" -> "Deploy from GitHub".
3.  Select this repository.
4.  Add the Environment Variables in Railway settings.
    *   Update `NOTION_REDIRECT_URI` to your Railway domain (e.g., `https://project.up.railway.app/api/auth/callback/notion`).
    *   Set `NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL` to your Railway domain (e.g., `https://project.up.railway.app`).
5.  **Database**:
    *   This project uses PostgreSQL (`provider = "postgresql"` in Prisma schema).
    *   In Railway, add a Postgres plugin and set `DATABASE_URL` from the plugin's connection string.
    *   The container runs `prisma db push` on startup to auto-sync schema.

## Usage
1.  Open the app.
2.  Click "Connect Notion".
3.  Select your workspace and allow access.
4.  Choose the database you want to sync.
5.  Map the Title and Date properties.
6.  Copy the generated URL.
7.  In Apple Calendar (macOS): `File` -> `New Calendar Subscription` -> Paste URL.
8.  In iOS: `Settings` -> `Calendar` -> `Accounts` -> `Add Account` -> `Other` -> `Add Subscribed Calendar`.

## Tech Stack
-   **Framework**: Next.js 16 (App Router)
-   **Styling**: TailwindCSS
-   **Database**: Prisma (PostgreSQL)
-   **Calendar Generation**: `ics` package
-   **Notion**: Client SDK
